PUBDEV-7898: Add a link to Data Manipulation page leading to W2V & TE (#5128)
h2oai/h2o-3: h2o-docs/src/product/data-munging.rst

   data-munging/splitting-datasets
   data-munging/target-encoding
   data-munging/tokenize

Feature Engineering
-------------------

> This section links to feature engineering processes. Target Encoding allows the user to replace a categorical value with the mean of the target variable, while Word2vec allows the user to convert an inputted body of text into an output of word vectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
H2O also has methods for feature engineering. Target Encoding is a categorical encoding technique which replaces a categorical value with the mean of the target variable (especially useful for high-cardinality features).  Word2vec is a text processing method which converts a corpus of text into an output of word vectors.
```
